Create rule S6387[terraform]: Azure role assignments that grant access to all resources of a subscription are security-sensitive (#622)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6387/description.adoc

Azure RBAC roles can be assigned to users, groups, or service principals. A role assignment grants permissions on a predefined set of resources called "scope".
A role assigned with a Subscription scope grant access to all resources of this Subscription. 
A role assigned with a Management Group scope grant access to all resources of all the Subscriptions in this Management Group.

> Subscriptions and Managements Group are the widest scopes a role can be assigned to. Narrowing the assigned scope to a management group or a resource, limits the resources that are at risk if the identity being assigned (user, group, or service principal) is ever compromised.

Reviewer: I think we can reduce the complexity of this paragraph and add a "why". Here is a suggestion:

```suggestion
In case of security incidents involving a compromised Security Principal, limiting its role assignment to the narrowest scope possible helps separate duties and limits what resources are at risk.

Using the most extended scope possible, a Service Principal with a Subscription or Management Group role scope put the organization under the constant threat of critical compromise.
```
